{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times Bold;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times Roman;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}{\stylesheet {\style\s1 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs32\b\cf0 heading 1;}{\style\s2 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs28\b\i\cf0 heading 2;}{\style\s3 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs26\b\cf0 heading 3;}{\style\s0 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs24\cf0 Normal;}}{\*\listtable}{\*\listoverridetable}{\*\generator iText 2.1.7 by 1T3XT}{\info{\author Dimitri Brosens}{\creationdate \yr2017\mo11\dy13\hr14\min24\sec26}{\title Fallopia japonica on dikes near the River Rupel, Durme and beneden Zeeschelde}{\keywords Occurrence}}\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\pgwsxn11907\pghsxn16840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pard\plain\s0\qc\fi0\li0\ri0\plain\f3\fs28\b\cf0 Fallopia japonica on dikes near the River Rupel, Durme and beneden Zeeschelde\b0\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qc\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 Sander \f3\fs24\cf0 Devisscher\f3\fs24\cf0\super 1\nosupersub\f3\fs24\cf0 , \f3\fs24\cf0 ddd \f3\fs24\cf0 Brosens\f3\fs24\cf0\super 2\nosupersub\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 1 \f3\fs24\cf0 INBO, \f3\fs24\cf0 Kliniekstraat, \f3\fs24\cf0 1070, \f3\fs24\cf0 Brussels\f3\fs24\cf0 , Belgium\f3\fs24\cf0 ; \f3\fs24\cf0 2 \f3\fs24\cf0 INBO/ Belgian Biodiversity Platform, \f3\fs24\cf0 Kliniekstraat, \f3\fs24\cf0 1070, \f3\fs24\cf0 Brussels\f3\fs24\cf0 , Belgium\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Corresponding author(s): \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Sander \f3\fs24\cf0 Devisscher\f3\fs24\cf0 , \f3\fs24\cf0 ddd \f3\fs24\cf0 Brosens\f3\fs24\cf0  (dimitri.brosens@inbo.be)\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 Received \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Revised \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Accepted \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Published \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Citation: \b0\f3\fs24\cf2 Combination of authors, year of data paper publication (in parentheses), Title, Journal Name, Volume, Issue number (in parentheses), and doi of the data paper.\f3\fs24\cf2 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Abstract\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 Occurrence data on Fallopia japonica near dikes on the Upper and Lower Benendenzeeschelde and the rivers Rupel and Durme. The occurrence data is extracted from a more exhaustive (GIS layer) dataset on the relation between vegetation patters and abiotic conditions.(219 vegetaion relevees).\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Keywords: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Occurrence\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 General description\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Purpose: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 This dataset will be used for IAS management of Fallopia japonica on dikes near the River Durme, Rupel and Beneden Zeeschelde.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Additional information: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 To allow anyone to use this dataset, we have released the data to the public domain under a Creative Commons Zero waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). We would appreciate it however if you read and follow these norms for data use (http://www.inbo.be/en/norms-for-data-use) and provide a link to the original dataset (http://doi.org/*******) whenever possible. If you use these data for a scientific paper, please cite the dataset following the applicable citation norms and/or consider us for co-authorship. We are always interested to know how you have used or visualized the data, or to provide more information, so please contact us via the contact information provided in the metadata, opendata@inbo.be or https://twitter.com/LifeWatchINBO.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Taxonomic coverage\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 General taxonomic coverage description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Fallopia japonica\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Taxonomic ranks\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 Species: \f3\fs24\cf0 Fallopia japonica\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Spatial coverage\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 General spatial coverage: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Beneden Zeeschelde,River Rupel, River Durme\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Coordinates: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 50\u176?54'21.6''N\f3\fs24\cf0  and \f3\fs24\cf0 51\u176?25'37.2''N\f3\fs24\cf0  Latitude; \f3\fs24\cf0 3\u176?36'54''E\f3\fs24\cf0  and \f3\fs24\cf0 4\u176?46'44.4''E\f3\fs24\cf0  Longitude \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Temporal coverage: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 2014\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Methods\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Method step description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Layer data was imported in ArcGis, Point data for Fallopia was extracted\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Study extent description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Based on 219 vegetation relev\u233?s five types of grassland vegetation are distinguished and described. In each of these percentage of cover (as a measure of erosion resistance), above ground biomass (as a measure of maintenance cost) and soil nitrogen and phosphorus contents (as a measure of trophic condition) were measured. Species-rich grassland and species-rich Arrhenatherum-grassland are proposed as target vegetation types for the top- and landsides of the dikes. They combine the best erosion resistance with low maintenance cost and high ecological value.\par  \par Besides grassland vegetation types also reed, tall herb vegetation, trees/shrub and Japanese Knotweed vegetation were distinguished. Except for the Japanese Knotweed it is proposed to maintain these vegetation types on the riverside and the base of the dike if they are already established there.\par \par This dataset only contains the Japanese knotweed occurrences. Based on the GIS layer point occurrences were generated.The data extracted from the transects have a coordinateUncertainty of 10m, original point occurrences have a coordinateUncertainty of 1m.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Sampling description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Relev\u233?e plot sampling\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Datasets\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Dataset description\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Object name: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Darwin Core Archive Fallopia japonica on dikes near the River Rupel, Durme and beneden Zeeschelde\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Character encoding: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 UTF-8\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Format name: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Darwin Core Archive format\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Format version: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 1.0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Distribution: \b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK http://oefendata.inbo.be/ipt/archive.do?r=invasive-fallopia-occurrences}{\fldrslt \pard\plain\f3\fs24\ul\cf3 http://oefendata.inbo.be/ipt/archive.do?r=invasive-fallopia-occurrences\ul0 }}\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Publication date of data: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 2017-11-13\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Language: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 English\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Licences of use: \b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode}{\fldrslt \pard\plain\f3\fs24\ul\cf3 Public Domain (CC0 1.0)\ul0 }}\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Metadata language: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 English\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Date of metadata creation: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 2017-11-09\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Hierarchy level: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Dataset\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par}