{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times Bold;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times Roman;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}{\stylesheet {\style\s0 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs24\cf0 Normal;}{\style\s3 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs26\b\cf0 heading 3;}{\style\s2 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs28\b\i\cf0 heading 2;}{\style\s1 \ql\fi0\li0\ri0\f2\fs32\b\cf0 heading 1;}}{\*\listtable}{\*\listoverridetable}{\*\generator iText 4.2.0 by 1T3XT}{\info{\author Dimitri Brosens}{\creationdate \yr2016\mo05\dy10\hr11\min18\sec05}{\title InboVeg Niche in Flanders, vegetation relev\u233?}{\keywords Samplingevent, relev\u233?es; groundwater dependent vegetation, null, watina, survey}}\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\pgwsxn11907\pghsxn16840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pard\plain\s0\qc\fi0\li0\ri0\plain\f3\fs28\b\cf0 InboVeg Niche in Flanders, vegetation relev\u233?\b0\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qc\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 Els \f3\fs24\cf0 De Bie\f3\fs24\cf0\super 1\nosupersub\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 1 \f3\fs24\cf0 INBO, \f3\fs24\cf0 Kliniekstraat, \f3\fs24\cf0 1070, \f3\fs24\cf0 Brussels\f3\fs24\cf0 , Belgium\par\f0 \par \pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Corresponding author(s): \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Els \f3\fs24\cf0 De Bie\f3\fs24\cf0  (els.debie@inbo.be)\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\cf0 Received \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Revised \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Accepted \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 ; Published \f3\fs24\cf2 \{date\}\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Citation: \b0\f3\fs24\cf2 Combination of authors, year of data paper publication (in parentheses), Title, Journal Name, Volume, Issue number (in parentheses), and doi of the data paper.\f3\fs24\cf2 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Resource Citation\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 De Bie E (2016): InboVeg Niche in Flanders, vegetation relev\u233?. v1.4. Test Organisation #1. Dataset/Samplingevent. http://oefendata.inbo.be/ipt/resource?r=inboveg_niche_vlaanderen&v=1.4\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Abstract\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 Ground water dependent vegetation relev\u233?es in relation to the WATINA ground water network in Flanders, Belgium\par The NICHE (Nature Impact Assessment of Changes in Hydro\u8208?Ecological Systems) Flanders project had the goal to develop an hydro-ecologic model, usable for environmental and nature studies in Flanders. The data in this dataset is the vegetation-plot data used in this study (Niche-VL).\par Vegetation plot surveys were performed between May and July 2005 near selected Piezometers (INBO-watina project). \par Initially the vegetation surveys were originally recorded in Turboveg (Hennekens, 1998) and were later moved to InboVeg, the INBO vegetation plot database.\par The dataset contains 569 vegetation surveys, recorded during the Niche project. Surveys contain vegetation coverage data, vegetation height data, species coverage data and the date of recording. Al the vegetation surveys were classified as vegetation types.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Keywords: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Samplingevent, relev\u233?es; groundwater dependent vegetation, null, watina, survey\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 General description\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Purpose: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 The goal of "Niche Vlaanderen" is to adapt the Dutch "management models of active watermonitoring" for Flanders. The "Niche Vlaanderen" tool will then be used to evaluate the effects of interventions in water management, development of visions valley development etc. This dataset only contain the vegetation plot data.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Additional information: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 To allow anyone to use this dataset, we have released the data to the public domain under a Creative Commons Zero waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). We would appreciate however, if you read and follow these norms for data use (http://www.inbo.be/en/norms-for-data-use) and provide a link to the original dataset (...) whenever possible. If you use these data for a scientific paper, please cite the dataset following the applicable citation norms and/or consider us for co-authorship. We are always interested to know how you have used or visualized the data, or to provide more information, so please contact us via the contact information provided in the metadata, opendata@inbo.be or https://twitter.com/LifeWatchINBO.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Project details\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Project title: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 NICHE (Nature Impact Assessment of Changes in Hydro\u8208?Ecological Systems) Flanders \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Personnel: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Els De Bie\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Funding: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Funded by the Flemish government and Pidpa, VMM & SVW\par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Study area descriptions/descriptor: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Based on the Watina databse (Water in Nature Reserves) a selection of Flemisch nature reserves was made for Niche Flanders. The conditions for this selection were: hydrologic data must be available for minimum 1 year (more is better) and no significant disturbance occurred between the hydrological data collection and the vegetation survey. Under 'disturbances' we understand 'indications' on the terrain pointing to a possible unbalance of the vegetation with the abiotic environment. Possible due to drainage, ground works, rewetting or other wanted or unwanted actions. \par \par For the selected areas, missing data relevant to the bottom and vegetation was, if possible, acquired from literature, other projects or extra field recordings. \par \u160?\u160?\u160?\par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Design description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 The goal of "Niche Vlaanderen" is to adapt the Dutch "management models of active watermonitoring" for Flanders. The "Niche Vlaanderen" tool will then be used to evaluate the effects of interventions in water management, development of visions valley development etc.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Taxonomic coverage\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 General taxonomic coverage description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 For every vegetation plot the tracheophytes and bryophytes were determined.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Taxonomic ranks\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 Kingdom: \f3\fs24\cf0 Plantae\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 Phylum: \f3\fs24\cf0 Tracheophyta\f3\fs24\cf0 , Bryophyta\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Spatial coverage\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 General spatial coverage: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Flanders, Watina (Water in Nature Reserves) Network\par Flanders, Belgium\par \par Flanders has a temperate maritime climate influenced by the North Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, with relatively moderate summers and mild winters. Flanders is the northern part of Belgium. The two main geographical regions of Flanders are the Yser basin, in the North-West and the central plain. \par \par All the vegetation survey data originates from plots close to the measuring points of the WATINA hydrologic monitoring network in Flanders.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Coordinates: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 50\u176?40'48''N\f3\fs24\cf0  and \f3\fs24\cf0 51\u176?30'36''N\f3\fs24\cf0  Latitude; \f3\fs24\cf0 2\u176?32'24''E\f3\fs24\cf0  and \f3\fs24\cf0 5\u176?55'12''E\f3\fs24\cf0  Longitude \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Temporal coverage: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 March 1, 2002\f3\fs24\cf0  - \f3\fs24\cf0 December 30, 2005\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Methods\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Method step description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Londo scale\par Low coverage\tab \tab High coverage\tab  \par Code\tab coverage\tab Code\tab coverage\par *.1\tab 1%\tab 1-\tab 5-10%\par *.2\tab 2-3%\tab 1+\tab 10-15%\par *.4\tab 4-5%\tab 2\tab 15-25%\par combination with:\tab \tab 3\tab 25-35%\par r.\tab some occurrences (1 or 2)\tab 4\tab 35-45%\par p.\tab little occurrences (about 10)\tab 5\tab 45-55%\par a.\tab many occurrences (about 100)\tab 6\tab 55-65%\par m.\tab a lot occurrences (about 1000)\tab 7\tab 65-75%\par 8\tab 75-85%\par 9\tab 85-95%\par 10\tab 95-100%\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Study extent description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 InboVeg Niche Vlaanderen\par Vegetation plot surveys were performed between May and July 2002 near selected Piezometers (INBO-watina project). Co\u246?rdinates were registered with a GPS. \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Sampling description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Sampling Methods\par Vegetation surveys\par \par Vegetation, neighbouring each WATINA Piezometer is described using a nearby vegetation plot. In forests the plot measures 10X10m\u178? in open vegetations this plot measures 3X3 m\u178?. The Piezometer usually is one of the corners of the plot.\par A orientated location sketch was created for every survey, to make repeatability possible.\par For every plot, all occurring species were determined and for every vertical layer (Trees, Shrubs, Herbs and Mosses) the coverage was measured (Londo scale).\par Londo scale\par Low coverage\tab \tab High coverage\tab  \par Code\tab coverage\tab Code\tab coverage\par *.1\tab 1%\tab 1-\tab 5-10%\par *.2\tab 2-3%\tab 1+\tab 10-15%\par *.4\tab 4-5%\tab 2\tab 15-25%\par combination with:\tab \tab 3\tab 25-35%\par r.\tab some occurrences (1 or 2)\tab 4\tab 35-45%\par p.\tab little occurrences (about 10)\tab 5\tab 45-55%\par a.\tab many occurrences (about 100)\tab 6\tab 55-65%\par m.\tab a lot occurrences (about 1000)\tab 7\tab 65-75%\par 8\tab 75-85%\par 9\tab 85-95%\par 10\tab 95-100%\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Quality control description: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Records are validated\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Datasets\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Dataset description\b0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Object name: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Darwin Core Archive InboVeg Niche in Flanders, vegetation relev\u233?\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Character encoding: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 UTF-8\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Format name: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Darwin Core Archive format\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Format version: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 1.0\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Distribution: \b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK http://oefendata.inbo.be/ipt/archive.do?r=inboveg_niche_vlaanderen}{\fldrslt \pard\plain\f3\fs24\ul\cf3 http://oefendata.inbo.be/ipt/archive.do?r=inboveg_niche_vlaanderen\ul0 }}\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Publication date of data: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 2016-05-10\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Language: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 English\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Licences of use: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 To the extent possible under law, the publisher has waived all rights to these data and has dedicated them to the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode">Public Domain (CC0 1.0)</a>. Users may copy, modify, distribute and use the work, including for commercial purposes, without restriction.\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par\pard\plain\s0\qj\fi0\li0\ri0\sl320\plain\f3\fs24\b\cf0 Metadata language: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 English\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Date of metadata creation: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 2016-02-17\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \f3\fs24\b\cf0 Hierarchy level: \b0\f3\fs24\cf0 Dataset\f3\fs24\cf0 \par \par}